ASH: Yeah! There it is!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
ASH: Awesome!
Kalos League here we come!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR: Ash has won
his eighth Kalos Gym badge,
and now our heroes have
arrived in Lumiose City,
site of the Kalos League!
This is where Ash's greatest
challenge yet is about to begin!
MALVA:
The entire city of Lumiose
is celebrating the Kalos League!
The city is bustling
with excitement,
and the fans are eagerly
waiting for it to begin.
MALVA: I'm Malva, and I'll
be covering the Kalos League,
with all of its excitement!
MALVA: I think this
would be a great opportunity
to interview a Trainer who
is competing in the tournament.
MEOWTH: Remind me not
to be on a TV crew again.
JESSIE: Now, now, this will
be a golden opportunity to steal
some great Pokémon.
JAMES: Right now,
there are more than I can count.
JESSIE: In the meantime,
let's earn us a little cash!
JAMES: A great way to
get food and Pokémon!
MEOWTH:
Keep it steady down there!
WOBBUFFET: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: Wow! It's huge!
BONNIE: So many people, too!
CLEMONT:
And to think we're finally here.
SERENA: Where Ash's battle
of all battles will take place!
ASH: Yeah! Along with tons
of strong Trainers and Pokémon!
ASH: I'm excited just
thinking about it! You, too?
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
MALVA: Excuse me!
MALVA: Are you competing
in the Kalos League?
ASH: Uh, that's right.
MALVA:
Will you let me interview you?
ASH: You wanna interview ME?
JESSIE: She found the Twerp.
MEOWTH: Rotten Twerp luck.
MALVA: Roll the camera!
MALVA: Your name, please?
ASH: It's Ash. I'm Ash Ketchum
from Pallet Town.
MALVA: Tell me what you
hope to accomplish here.
ASH: Sure thing!
I'm here so I can win it all!
Battle by battle, step by step
ASH:
I'll be the Kalos League champ!
Well, you asked.
MALVA: You heard it here first!
A declaration of victory!
Good luck, Ash!
ASH: Thanks a lot!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
SERENA: You'd better hurry, Ash,
or you're not gonna be
able to register in time!
ASH: So many people are
stopping to wish me good luck.
EVERETT: Hold up!
EVERETT:
So, since you've already decided
you're the winner,
show me how strong you are.
EVERETT: Let's have a battle!
FURFROU: [APPEARING]
ASH:
Wow. A Furfrou! Perfect timing!
This'll be my pre‐League
SERENA: There's no time for
that! You've got to register!
CLEMONT: We're sorry.
But the thing is, registration
is going to close soon.
CLEMONT:
I hope you'll excuse us!
SERENA: No time to waste!
ASH: Sorry. Next time. Promise!
SERENA: What will you do
if you can't compete
because you missed registration?
BONNIE: You can be such a kid!
FURFROU: [ANGRY]
DEDENNE: [EATING]
SERENA: So close.
ASH: Yeah,
but we made it just in time!
ASH: Just think. Everyone here
has won lots of Gym battles.
ASH: This'll be great!
I can't wait to battle them.
ASH:
Just watch. I'm gonna do it.
No doubt I'll get my
eighth Gym badge here!
ASH: We'll battle
at the Kalos League!
I'm gonna break
my losing streak.
And then you and I
will even the score.
SAWYER: Yeah! You're on, Ash!
SAWYER:
I knew he'd make it here.
I've been looking
up to him for so long
and he didn't disappoint!
TIERNO:
Hey, Ash! Good to see you!
ASH: It's Tierno!
TREVOR: Nice to see you, Ash!
ASH: And Trevor, too!
BONNIE: How's it going?
TIERNO: Just fine, Bonnie!
TIERNO: And seeing
you is the best ever!
SERENA: Uh Thanks a lot
TIERNO: Trevor and I watched
you in the Pokémon Showcase.
You were so good!
SERENA: Thanks, Tierno.
I didn't manage to become Queen.
TIERNO: But you'll
always be a queen to me.
SERENA: Oh So where's Shauna?
TREVOR:
She said she's coming later.
SERENA: That's great!
ASH: Are you guys competing?
TIERNO: I sure am. I'm going
to win the whole competition.
TREVOR:
Oh yeah? That's what you think!
I'm going to win
the whole thing, too!
ASH: Great! So am I!
ASH:
Professor Sycamore and Alain.
ASH: Alain!
ASH:
I'm competing. Are you, too?
ALAIN: Yeah. Because I
want to battle against you.
ASH: Really?
ALAIN: There's the matter of
Mega Evolution energy, too.
ALAIN: For now, my goal
is to keep on advancing.
ALAIN: You make sure
you do the same thing.
ASH: I will! No way I'll lose!
ASH: The point is to
win the whole thing!
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen!
We will now announce the
matchups for the first round!
ANNOUNCER: Up on the monitor.
There you have them!
ANNOUNCER: First‐round matchups!
ASH: Wow!
First up are Trevor and Alain!
SERENA: Ash!
You're in the second battle!
ASH:
I wonder who my opponent is.
TIERNO: I'm in battle
twenty‐three! All right!
ANNOUNCER:
Best of luck, everyone!
TREVOR:
Oh man. The first battle.
TIERNO: You'll be fine, Trevor!
With your secret weapon.
TREVOR:
Yeah. I know, but still...
ASH: Hey, awesome!
What's your secret weapon?
TREVOR: Can't say. If I
were to tell you what it was,
it wouldn't be a surprise now,
would it?
ASH: Come on, tell me already!
Do you know, Tierno?
‐TIERNO: Me?
‐ Let's keep it a secret
until tomorrow!
I might have to battle Ash,
you know!
ANNOUNCER: A beautiful,
clear blue sky
marks the beginning
of this much‐anticipated event.
The Kalos League is on!
ANNOUNCER:
First up, our opening ceremony!
Kalos Champion Diantha
will deliver the opening speech!
DIANTHA: To all our Trainers!
DIANTHA: Your efforts and
experiences are treasures
that will always be with you!
And now is the time to
put all of that to the test!
The Kalos League demands
that you give
everything you've got,
and demonstrate all your
hard work and dedication!
DIANTHA: It is my great honor to
declare this year's Kalos League
OPEN!
ANNOUNCER: The two Trainers
competing in this opening battle
are Trevor and Alain!
ANNOUNCER: The battle
format will be three‐on‐three
until the semifinals!
ANNOUNCER: In addition,
the battlefield will
be randomly selected!
ANNOUNCER: So, the field
for our opening battle is
ANNOUNCER:
A water and rock battlefield!
REFEREE: Trainers!
Please bring out
your first Pokémon!
TREVOR: Charizard! Come on out!
TREVOR'S CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: That's amazing!
His Charmeleon evolved!
ASH: Now for Alain's choice.
ALAIN: Charizard, let's go!
ALAIN'S CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Wow! Both Trainers
are using Charizard!
Without a doubt guaranteed
to be a memorable battle!
CHARIZARD Y: [GROWLING]
ANNOUNCER: Now, which Charizard
will make the first move?
TREVOR: Well, I'll make
the first move, if you won't!
TREVOR:
All right, Charizard, Fire Spin!
CHARIZARD Y: [FIRE SPIN MOVE]
ALAIN: Dodge it, Charizard!
CHARIZARD X: [DODGING]
ALAIN: Now, Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD X: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
TREVOR: Use Dragon Claw!
CHARIZARD Y: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
TREVOR: 'Kay, time
show off right from the start!
Let's get to it, Charizard!
CHARIZARD: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [GASPING]
MEGA CHARIZARD Y: [ROARING]
ANNOUNCER: Trevor's Charizard
has just Mega Evolved!
ASH: WOW!
CLEMONT: So the secret weapon
Trevor mentioned yesterday
was Mega Evolution!
TIERNO: That surprises you?
TIERNO: Trevor's been
training really hard
for the Kalos League!
TREVOR: My Mega Charizard's
Ability is Drought!
TREVOR: You're going to be hit
with some extra powerful
Fire‐type moves, so get ready!
TREVOR: Charizard! Heat Wave!
MEGA CHARIZARD Y:
[HEAT WAVE MOVE]
ALAIN: Quickly, splash water!
CHARIZARD X: [ROARING]
ANNOUNCER: Alain blocks with a
pillar of water! Quick thinking!
ASH: That's Alain for you!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Skillfully using
the field to his advantage!
TREVOR: Charizard! You've got
to keep up the pressure!
Use Dragon Tail!
MEGA CHARIZARD Y: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD Y:
[DRAGON TAIL MOVE]
ALAIN: Now dodge it!
CHARIZARD X: [DODGING]
ANNOUNCER: The entire stadium
is feeling the heat, too!
ALAIN:
Right. There's no holding back!
ALAIN: Respond to my heart!
Now, Key Stone!
Beyond Evolution! Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD X: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [ROARING]
ASH: There it is!
CLEMONT: Alain's got
a secret weapon, too!
ANNOUNCER:
This bout has now turned into
a Mega Charizard battle!
ANNOUNCER:
Who could have imagined
the first battle
of the Kalos League
would turn out to
be this incredible?!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE, ACT
BREAK: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE: "It's
Charizard!"
TREVOR:
Now, Charizard, use Fire Spin!
MEGA CHARIZARD Y:
[FIRE SPIN MOVE]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ANNOUNCER:
The smoke is blocking our view!
What in the world's happening
inside that smoke cloud?
TREVOR: Charizard! Fly up!
MEGA CHARIZARD Y: [FLYING]
ANNOUNCER: Trevor's Charizard
is flying above the smoke cloud!
ALAIN: Straight ahead!
Angle, fifty‐three degrees!
Use Flamethrower!
MEGA CHARIZARD Y:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
TREVOR: Charizard, NO!
CHARIZARD Y: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Trevor's Charizard
is unable to battle!
Alain's Charizard is the winner!
ASH: That's that.
CLEMONT: An attack that intense
needs a really strong bond
between Trainer and
Pokémon to coordinate.
BONNIE: Really strong.
SERENA: Hey Ash, I think
you'd better get going now.
ASH: Right!
SERENA: Lots of luck, Ash!
TIERNO: Go show them who's boss!
CLEMONT: We'll all be
here cheering you on!
BONNIE:
Yeah, show them how to battle!
ASH: I will! Thanks, you guys!
TREVOR: Aerodactyl! Let's go!
AERODACTYL: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Trevor's second
Pokémon is Aerodactyl!
EVERETT: So we meet again.
EVERETT: Let's have a battle!
ASH: But I've got
a battle out there!
EVERETT: You promised...
ASH: Sorry. Next time. Promise!
EVERETT: Running away again?
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
ASH: I know, but I
did say the next time.
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: I'm keeping my word!
ASH: I have to do it!
EVERETT:
That's what I want to hear
from a Trainer
who's won eight badges!
A one‐on‐one battle,
no holding back!
FURFROU: [APPEARING]
ASH: Let's do it!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
EVERETT: Who cares about badges?
I'm going to beat you
and prove how strong I am!
Furfrou, Sand Attack!
FURFROU: [SAND ATTACK MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Oh, no!
EVERETT: There are lots of
strong Trainers, you know.
Trainers with‐out eight badges!
EVERETT:
Now, Furfrou, Giga Impact, go!
FURFROU: [GIGA IMPACT MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, Pika‐ chu!
PIKACHU: [IMPACT]
AERODACTYL: [PAINED]
TREVOR: Aerodactyl!
REFEREE:
Aerodactyl is unable to battle!
ASH: Are you okay? Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
EVERETT:
Furfrou, now! Take Down!
FURFROU: [TAKE DOWN MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu, Iron Tail!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
FURFROU: [YELPING]
ASH: Keep it up! Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
EVERETT:
Furfrou, use Cotton Guard!
FURFROU: [COTTON GUARD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
FURFROU: [IRRITATED]
EVERETT: That was close.
ASH: You're strong, all right.
But I'm just
gonna have to beat you,
so I can get out there!
FURFROU: [GRUNT]
ASH: I didn't make it to
the Kalos League for nothing,
you know.
ASH: I've got a lot of memories
associated with each and
every Gym badge I've won!
ASH: Get ready for this.
I'll show you
what they all mean!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
FLORGES: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
FLORGES: [SHOCKED]
ANNOUNCER:
Alain's Mega Charizard
nails that Flamethrower!
TREVOR: Florges!
REFEREE: Florges is unable
to battle! Charizard wins!
Which means,
the winner is Alain!
ANNOUNCER: And Alain grabs
the first win of the League!
ANNOUNCER:
Showing us he's a cut above!
TREVOR: Well I guess it's over.
My Kalos League's done.
ANNOUNCER:
Moving on to the next battle!
Presenting Titus and Ash!
ANNOUNCER: The next battlefield?
It's covered in grass!
ANNOUNCER:
Uh, what's going on here?
Ash has yet to appear
on the battlefield!
SERENA: What? What now?!
CLEMONT: Something must've
happened along the way.
BONNIE:
What if he doesn't show up?
CLEMONT: His opponent
will win by default,
and Ash's Kalos League
will be over before it starts!
JESSIE: Does that Twerp think
he's got better things to do?!
MEOWTH: What a dumb
way to throw in the towel.
JAMES: Completely caving
in the crunch. What nerve.
ANNOUNCER:
Will Titus win by default?
REFEREE: Time is up,
which means Ash has‐
ASH: Wait, wait!!
ASH: I'm sorry!
PIKACHU: [YELLING]
ASH: I'm Ash Ketchum from
Pallet Town, and I'm here!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: There he is!
SERENA: Thank goodness. I could
do without the stress, though.
CLEMONT: If he could just be
a little bit more
on top of things.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: Twerp time!
ANNOUNCER: Well, well! Ash
finally makes his appearance!
And not a moment too soon,
I must say.
ASH: All right, Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
EVERETT:
Here goes. Use Cotton Guard!
FURFROU: [COTTON GUARD MOVE]
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
FURFROU: [YELP]
EVERETT: That's quick!
ASH: Let's finish
this with Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
FURFROU: [SHOCKED]
FURFROU: [STUNNED]
EVERETT: Furfrou! No!
ASH: Thank you for the battle.
EVERETT: You really beat me.
EVERETT: I couldn't get
all eight badges in time.
EVERETT: The thing is
there are lots of Trainers like
me who wanted to compete here!
EVERETT: All those Trainers
with all of their dreams
and all of their hopes.
You better win no matter what!
ASH: I'll win all right.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: I'm Ash Ketchum
from Pallet Town!
ASH: I want to become a
Pokémon Master! That means...
ASH: Win the Kalos League!
ANNOUNCER: There it is!
A declaration of victory!
Now, let's see what kind of
battle Ash has in store for us!
TITUS: Altaria, let's go!
ALTARIA: [APPEARING]
ASH: Altaria, huh...
ASH: Pikachu!
You get some rest, okay?
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Greninja, I choose you!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
REFEREE:
Now, second battle, begin!
TITUS:
Altaria, use Dragon Pulse!
ALTARIA: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
ANNOUNCER: Greninja's hit
hard with a Dragon Pulse!
ASH: Greninja, you okay?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
TITUS: Altaria, Draco Meteor!
ALTARIA: [DRACO METEOR MOVE]
ANNOUNCER: Wow... An especially
powerful Draco Meteor!
Is this it for Greninja?
ASH: Yeah? So let's bring
out everything we've got!
ASH/GRENINJA: Stronger and
even stronger! Here we go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [TRANSFORMING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
SAWYER: All right!
TREVOR: Ash had a secret
weapon, too. Awesome!
ANNOUNCER: What's going on?
Greninja changed!
ALAIN: So they mastered it.
ASH: Greninja, Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
TITUS: Altaria!
ALTARIA: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Altaria is unable to
battle! Greninja's the winner!
ANNOUNCER: Ash and Greninja
have taken their first win!
Looks like an unexpected
new star Trainer has appeared!
SERENA: Wow, Ash did it!
BONNIE: Yay!
Ash and Greninja are so cool!
CLEMONT:
He's got two more wins to go!
ASH: All right! Let's wrap this
thing up as quick as we can!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AGREEMENT]
SAWYER: That's great!
I'm glad they
finally figured it out!
SAWYER:
That shuriken on Greninja's back
is proof of its strength.
SAWYER: But I haven't
just been twiddling my thumbs.
SAWYER:
I'll hit Ash with all I've got!
NARRATOR:
The Kalos League has just begun.
And with much on his mind,
Ash advances to the next round.
NARRATOR: So,
which opponents await him next?
The answer to come...
NARRATOR:
As the journey continues!